c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.WebRole.dll
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\attach_server.py
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_debugger.py
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_repl.py
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_util.py
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\__init__.py
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\__main__.py
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\AzureSetup.cfg
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.AzureSetup.exe
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.AzureSetup.exe.config
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\wfastcgi.py
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\deployment-updated-pyvenv.cfg
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\ptvs_virtualenv_proxy.py
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\web.config
c:\users\pregencia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\web.debug.config
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.WebRole.dll
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\attach_server.py
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_debugger.py
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_repl.py
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_util.py
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\__init__.py
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\__main__.py
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\AzureSetup.cfg
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.AzureSetup.exe
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.AzureSetup.exe.config
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\bin\wfastcgi.py
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\deployment-updated-pyvenv.cfg
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\ptvs_virtualenv_proxy.py
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\web.config
C:\Users\pregencia\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PythonApp\Django_Web_App\Django_Web_App\obj\Debug\web.debug.config
